NEXT-12785 - [NEW] Administration: Add shortcuts (#134)
shopware/docs: guides/plugins/plugins/administration/add-shortcuts.md

> ## Adding Shortcuts

Reviewer: Should'nt it be: ?
```suggestion
# Adding Shortcuts

## Overview 
```

> Shortcuts in the Shopware 6 are defined on a Component basis. This guide will show you how.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shortcuts in Shopware 6 are defined on a Component basis. This guide will show you how.
```

## Prerequisites

> All you need for this guide is a running Shopware 6 instance and full access to both the files.

Reviewer: [...] to both the files **and what** ?

> Preferably a registered module and custom component.

Reviewer: Is this a continuation of the previous statement ? 
If so, seperate them by comma or add an **and**

Of course you'll have to understand JavaScript, but that's a prerequisite for Shopware as a whole and will not be taught as part of this documentation.

## Configuring the Shortcuts

> The following code sample will show you how to register shortcuts in your components.
> Shortcuts can be registered with the `shortcuts` attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code sample will show you how to register shortcuts in your components with help of the `shortcuts` attribute.
```

{% code title="<plugin root>/src/Resources/app/administration/src/module/swag-example/index.js" %}
```javascript
const { Component } = Shopware;

Component.register('swag-basic-example', {
    

>     shortcuts: {
>         'SYSTEMKEY+S': {
>             active() {
>                 return this.acl.can('product.editor');
>             },
>             method: 'function0'
>         },
>         ESCAPE: 'function1'
>     },
> 
>    
>     methods: {
>         function0() {
>             console.log("function0")
>         },
>         function1() {
>             console.log("function1")
>         }
>     }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    shortcuts: {
        'SYSTEMKEY+S': {
            active() {
                return this.acl.can('product.editor');
            },
            method: 'myEditProductFunction'
        },
        ESCAPE: 'myCancelEditProductFunction'
    },

   
    methods: {
        function0() {
            console.log("myEditProductFunction")
        },
        function1() {
            console.log("myCancelEditProductFunction")
        }
    }
```

});
```
{% endcode %}

> The first shortcut is only active if the User has the privilege `product.editor`, learn more about ACL and how to add your own ACL rules [here](./add-acl-rules.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first shortcut is only active if the user has the privilege `product.editor`, learn more about ACL and how to add your own ACL rules [here](./add-acl-rules.md).
```

# Adding Shortcuts

## Overview 

> Shortcuts in Shopware 6 are defined on a Component basis. This guide will show you how.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Shortcuts in Shopware 6 are defined on a Component basis. This guide will show you how to add your own ones.
```

## Prerequisites

All you need for this guide is a running Shopware 6 instance and full access to both the files.
Preferably a registered module and custom component.
Of course you'll have to understand JavaScript, but that's a prerequisite for Shopware as a whole and will not be taught as part of this documentation.

## Configuring the Shortcuts

The following code sample will show you how to register shortcuts in your components with help of the `shortcuts` attribute.

{% code title="<plugin root>/src/Resources/app/administration/src/module/swag-example/index.js" %}
```javascript
const { Component } = Shopware;

Component.register('swag-basic-example', {
    

>     shortcuts: {

Author: i think that  is pretty  self explanatory with property names and  the sentence that is below

>     shortcuts: {

Reviewer 2: Don't assume things, this was a great criticism of our old docs. People use the docs to familiarize with shopware so they won't know Shopware's way of shortcuts.

        'SYSTEMKEY+S': {
            active() {
                return this.acl.can('product.editor');
            },
            method: 'myEditProductFunction'
        },
        ESCAPE: 'myCancelEditProductFunction'
    },

   
    methods: {
        myEditProductFunction() {
            console.log("myEditProductFunction")
        },
        myCancelEditProductFunction() {
            console.log("myCancelEditProductFunction")
        }
    }
});
```
{% endcode %}

The first shortcut is only active if the user has the privilege `product.editor`, learn more about ACL and how to add your own ACL rules [here](./add-acl-rules.md).

## Next steps

Now you that know how to add shortcuts to your components, you may want to learn more about [ACL](./add-acl-rules.md) or try the following things:

> * If you want to learn about other possibilities to extend the Administration, we got you covered with other guides:
>   * [Writing templates](writing-templates.md)
>   * [Add custom module](add-custom-module.md)
>   * [Add menu entry](./add-menu-entry.md)
>   * [Add custom routes](./add-custom-route.md)

Author: ```suggestion
* [Writing templates](writing-templates.md)
* [Add custom module](add-custom-module.md)
* [Add menu entry](./add-menu-entry.md)
* [Add custom routes](./add-custom-route.md)
```

## Prerequisites

All you need for this guide is a running Shopware 6 instance and full access to both the files and preferably a registered module and custom component.
Of course you'll have to understand JavaScript, but that's a prerequisite for Shopware as a whole and will not be taught as part of this documentation.

## Configuring the Shortcuts

The following code sample will show you how to register shortcuts in your components with help of the `shortcuts` attribute.

{% code title="<plugin root>/src/Resources/app/administration/src/module/swag-example/index.js" %}
```javascript
const { Component } = Shopware;

Component.register('swag-basic-example', {
    
    shortcuts: {
        'SYSTEMKEY+S': {
            active() {
                return this.acl.can('product.editor');
            },
            method: 'myEditProductFunction'
        },
        ESCAPE: 'myCancelEditProductFunction'
    },

   
    methods: {
        myEditProductFunction() {
            console.log("myEditProductFunction")
        },
        myCancelEditProductFunction() {
            console.log("myCancelEditProductFunction")
        }
    }
});
```
{% endcode %}

> The first keyboard shortcut reacts to the key combination of `SYSTEMKEY+S`, only if the the user has the privilege `product.editor`, with the invocation of the component method with the name `myEditProductFunction`.

Reviewer 3: How can I know what `SYSTEMKEY` means? Is there a list like `SYSTEMKEY: Windows Ctrl / Apple Cmd` or something like that? What is the key called for Alt/⌥?

Reviewer 3: I mean. It is not a list but it is the description I looked for.
